1) abstract
	abstract keyword is used to implement the abstraction in java. A method which doesn’t have method definition must be declared as abstract and the class containing it must be declared as abstract. You can’t instantiate abstract classes. Abstract methods must be implemented in the sub classes. You can’t use abstract keyword with variables and constructors. 

2) assert
	assert keyword is used in the assertion statements. These statements will enable you to test your assumptions about a program. Assertion statements provide the best way to detect and correct the programming errors. Assertion statements take one boolean expression as input and assumes that this will be always true. If the boolean expression returns false, AssertionError will be thrown.
	
3) boolean
	boolean keyword is used to define boolean type variables. boolean type variables can hold only two values – either true or false.

4) break
	The break keyword is used to stop the execution of a loop(for, while, switch-case) based on some condition.

5) byte
	byte keyword is used to declare byte type of variables. A byte variable can hold a numeric value in the range from -128 to 127.

6) switch       7) case
	Both switch and case keywords are used in the switch-case statement.

8) try     9) catch     10) finally
	try, catch and finally keywords are used to handle the exceptions in java. The statements which are to be monitored for exceptions are kept in the try block. The exceptions thrown by the try block are caught in the catch block. finally block is always executed.

11) char
	char keyword is used to declare primitive char type variables. char represents the characters in java.

12) class
	class keyword is used to define the classes in java.

13) continue
	continue keyword is used to stop the execution of current iteration and start the execution of next iteration in a loop.

14) default
	default keyword is used to define the default methods in an interface (From Java 8). default keyword is also used in the switch-case statements.

15) do
	do keyword is used in a do–while loop. do-while loop is used to execute one or more statements repetitively until a condition returns false.

16) double
	double keyword is used to declare primitive double type of variables.

17) if         18) else
	if and else keywords are used in if-else block.
	
19) enum
	enum keyword is used to define enum types.
	
20) extends
	extends keyword is used in inheritance. It is used when a class extends another class.

21) final
	final keyword is used when a class or a method or a field doesn’t need further modifications. final class can’t be extended, final method can’t be overridden and the value of a final field can’t be changed.

22) float
	float keyword indicates primitive float type of variables.

23) for
	for loop is used to execute the set of statements until a condition is true.

24) implements
	implements keyword is used while implementing an interface.
	
25) import
	import keyword is used to import the members of a particular package into current java file.

26) instanceOf
	instanceOf is used to check whether an object is of specified type. The syntax for using instanceOf keyword is “Object_Reference instanceOf Type“.
	
27) int
	int keyword is used to declare primitive integer type of variables.

28) interface
	interface keyword is used to define the interfaces in java.

29) long
	long is used to define the primitive long type variables.

30) native
	native keyword is used with a method to indicate that a particular method is implemented in native code using Java Native Interfaces(JNI).
	
31) new
	new keyword is used while creating the instances of a class.

32) package
	package keyword is used to specify a package to which the current file belongs to.

33) private
	private keyword is used to declare a member of a class as private. private methods and fields are visible within the class in which they are defined.

34) protected
	protected keyword is used to declare a member of a class as protected. protected members of a class are visible within the package only, but they can be inherited to any sub classes.
	
35) public
	public keyword is used to declare the members of a class or class itself as public. public members of a class are visible from anywhere and they can be inherited to any sub classes.
	
36) return
	return keyword is used to return the control back to the caller from the method.
	
37) short
	short keyword is used to declare primitive short type variables.

38) static
	static keyword is used to define the class level members of a class. static members of a class are stored in the class memory and you can access them directly through class name. No need to instantiate a class.
	
39) strictfp
	strictfp keyword is used to implement the strict precision of floating point calculations on different platforms. strictfp can be used with classes, interfaces and methods.

40) super
	super keyword is used to access super class members inside a sub class.

41) synchronized
	synchronized keyword is used to implement the synchronization in java. only one thread can enter into a method or a block which is declared as synchronized. Any thread which wants to enter synchronized method or block must acquire object lock of those methods or blocks. 
	
42) this
	this keyword is used to access other members of the same class

43) throw
	throw keyword is used to throw the exceptions manually.
	
44) throws
	throws keyword is used to specify the exceptions which the current method may throw.

45) transient
	transient keyword is used in serialization. A variable which is declared as transient will not be eligible for serialization.
	
46) void
	void keyword is used to indicate that method returns nothing.

47) volatile
	volatile keyword is used in the concurrent programming. The value of a variable which is declared as volatile will be written into or read from the main memory.
	
48) while
	while keyword is used in the while loop.
	
49) goto        50) const
	Both goto and const are reserved words in java but they are currently not used.
	
Note : true, false and null are not the keywords. They are literals in java.